DOCS 966: Document the `merged` model of movement sensor (#1614)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/movement-sensor/_index.md

[`accel-adxl345`](./adxl345/) | The [Analog Devices ADXL345](https://www.analog.com/en/products/adxl345.html) digital accelerometer
[`camera_mono`](./cameramono/) | A model that derives movement data from a [camera](/components/camera/) stream (**experimental**)
[`gyro-mpu6050`](./mpu6050/) | A gyroscope/accelerometer manufactured by TDK InvenSense

> [`merged`](./merged/) | A model that allows you to aggregate [`Readings`](/components/movement-sensor/#getreadings) from multiple sensors into a singular sensor instance, effectively merging the models of the individual resources

Author: Ohhhh it took me a second to understand this but that makes more sense, will re-write

> [`merged`](./merged/) | A model that allows you to aggregate [`Readings`](/components/movement-sensor/#getreadings) from multiple sensors into a singular sensor instance, effectively merging the models of the individual resources

Author: Thank you for the quick feedback!

> [`merged`](./merged/) | A model that allows you to aggregate [`Readings`](/components/movement-sensor/#getreadings) from multiple sensors into a singular sensor instance, effectively merging the models of the individual resources

Author: ```suggestion
[`merged`](./merged/) | A model that allows you to aggregate the API methods supported by multiple sensors into a singular sensor client, effectively merging the models of the individual resources
```

> [`merged`](./merged/) | A model that allows you to aggregate [`Readings`](/components/movement-sensor/#get-readings) from multiple sensors into a singular sensor instance, effectively merging the models of the individual resources

Author: ```suggestion
[`merged`](./merged/) | A model that allows you to aggregate [`Readings`](/components/movement-sensor/#getreadings) from multiple sensors into a singular sensor instance, effectively merging the models of the individual resources
```
